Worksheet 6: Version Control

Instructions

Due on Tuesday (Nov, 14th) at Midnight
Copy the worksheet, answer the questions, and SUBMIT TO OUR GITHUB REPOSITORY via pull request (see question 8).
It is recommended that you Complete the GitHub "Hello World" tutorial before starting with this worksheet.
Include your UNI id on your submission (I recommend you don't use your full name).
Questions

In your own words, what is version (or source) control?

Version control is a system that allows different developers to work on the same projects with the goal of 
creating a new project that reflects all the changes made by all developers. 

Explain the difference between Git and GitHub.

Git is a version control system with a predefined set of rules, while Github
is a private company that hosts the files and projects that developers work on. 
Github uses git to keep track of these changes.

In a few sentences, explain what a "commit" is?

A commit is a snapshot of changes made to a file or number of files that reflects 
the work an indivudal is trying to contribute in a given moment. 

What is a "branch" in Git terms?

A branch is an individual version of the project that is independent of other branches. 
It reflects a specific history of the project that can be merged with other branches to 
create a new project with all the changes made in both branches reflected.

What is a repository? Explain what happens when you "push" to and "pull" from a repository.

A repository is the project itself. Most simply, its a folder that contains all the project files
that have been edited. When you pull from a repository, you're asking to bring all the changes that 
are on the repo to be reflected on your personal computer. WHen you push to a repository, you're 
trying to send whatever changes you've made on your local machine to the remote repository. 

What is involved in the "clone" operation?

First, you have to establish a connection to the remote repository where the code is stored. 
Then, you need to transfer the code from the remote to local by sending packets of information
that include 

Find an example of Git being used for a peer production project. In several paragraphs answer the following: Who are they? What do they do? Who maintains the repository? What are the rules for contributing?

Submit this worksheet (in .txt or .md plain text format) by filing a pull request to our Github repository.

Extra Challenge

Explain the difference between a fork and a clone.

Find a small spelling error on the Programming Historian and submit a pull request to the owners. (Check with me for this option, if you are not sure).

Hints

Steps for your first pull request (PR):

Fork the project (via the GitHub interface online). This copies the whole repository from my account on the GitHub servers to your account.

Clone the project (via the command line or GUI). This copies the repository from your remote GitHub account to your local machine.

Make your changes. In this case you are simply adding a file to the repository (give it a unique file name).

Push your changes to GitHub. This copies your local changes to the remote.

Using the GitHub interface file a pull request. This will notify me to pull your changes into my repository (from the first step).