1.	In your own words, what is version (or source) control?Version control is a method of tracking changes to a file, a sort of memory of the different stages in the life of a file. It is a helpful tool for collaboration on a given file, where edits can be made communally, and a neat and meaningful record of a file can be maintained.2.	Explain the difference between Git and GitHubGit is a per-folder version control system. It is simply the “journaling” system. Whereas GitHub is a particular server that gives its users free space to setup a remote repository, allowing for collaboration by pulling and pushing of versions. 3.	In a few sentences, explain what a "commit" is?When you “commit” a file, you are saving a version of your file in its current state. This is essentially telling the system that you would like to record this moment in time of the file. Git will store a memory of your folder at that moment, along with what changes have been made and who made them. 4.	What is a "branch" in Git terms?A branch is a version of a repository that exists independently of the original branch, and allows a user to work on multiple features at once. Each time a document is saved as a new version, a branch diverges. 5.	What is a repository? Explain what happens when you "push" to and "pull" from a repository.A repository is the “folder” of files involved in a given project, along with the history associated with the tracking of that folder. Repositories are a site of collaboration that can be made public. 6.	What is involved in the "clone" operation?A clone operation creates a local version of a repository that exists on your computer as opposed to on a remote server. The clone retains a connection to the remote repository, and can be pushed to merge the clone with the remote version.7.	Find an example of Git being used for a peer production project. In several paragraphs answer the following: Who are they? What do they do? Who maintains the repository? What are the rules for contributing?Vertical Medical is a part of the digitization of healthcare records. It is a part of the effort to allow patient electronic health records to be readily accessible and readable in a number of formats and locations across the healthcare system. Additionally, there is a move to maintain data in a way that allows for its extraction and translation to clinical information from EHRs in a standardized, computable way. The result is a centralized and scalable system of computable health and hospital information.Vertical Medical is an open source healthcare system for Odoo, a “Free and Open Source solution for storing and processing medical records in Odoo.” The system is based on Odoo, which is a collection of open-source programs and management applications. The repository on GitHub is split into modules with a variety of categories related to medical applications. There is a range of focus, for example on epidemiological reports, genetic information, and drug information. The repository also has information on socio-economic factors. The project follows the Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources Specification, a standard for the electronic exchange of healthcare information, lending to the universality and transferability of the information. The repository is maintained by the OCA, the Odoo Community Association. The OCA is a nonprofit organization that promotes the collaborative use of Odoo on GitHub and other platforms. To contribute to the project, the OCA has guidelines that “everyone” can follow: “Read the technical documentation,” “Get familiar with Git,” and “Discover our Conventions.” Contributions are manage by individual Project Steering Committees that determine the inclusion or exclusion of modules, approve all contributions, manage collaboration, and ensure that OCA conventions are followed. 8.	Submit this worksheet (in .txt or .md plain text format) by filing a pull request to our Github repository.